# Project 0: Getting Real

## Preliminaries

>Fill in your name and email address.

FirstName LastName <email@domain.example>

>If you have any preliminary comments on your submission, notes for the TAs, please give them here.



>Please cite any offline or online sources you consulted while preparing your submission, other than the Pintos documentation, course text, lecture notes, and course staff.



## Booting Pintos

>A1: Put the screenshot of Pintos running example here.



## Debugging

#### QUESTIONS: BIOS 

>B1: What is the first instruction that gets executed? 

>A1:ljmp   $0x3630,$0xf000e05b

>B2: At which physical address is this instruction located?

>A2:0xffff0



#### QUESTIONS: BOOTLOADER

>B3: How does the bootloader read disk sectors? In particular, what BIOS interrupt is used?



>B4: How does the bootloader decides whether it successfully finds the Pintos kernel?



>B5: What happens when the bootloader could not find the Pintos kernel?



>B6: At what point and how exactly does the bootloader transfer control to the Pintos kernel?



#### QUESTIONS: KERNEL

>B7: At the entry of pintos_init(), what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?



>B8: When `palloc_get_page()` is called for the first time,

>> B8.1 what does the call stack look like?
>>
>> 
#0  palloc_get_page (flags=(PAL_ASSERT | PAL_ZERO)) at ../../threads/palloc.c:113
#1  0xc00203aa in paging_init () at ../../threads/init.c:168
#2  0xc002031b in pintos_init () at ../../threads/init.c:100
#3  0x00010027 in ?? ()
#4  0x00000000 in ?? ()

>> B8.2 what is the return value in hexadecimal format?
>>Value returned is $3 = (void *) 0xc0101000

>> 

>> B8.3 what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?
>>$4 = 0x0
>> 



>B9: When palloc_get_page() is called for the third time,

>> B9.1 what does the call stack look like?
>>
>> 

>> B9.2 what is the return value in hexadecimal format?
>>
>> 

>> B9.3 what is the value of expression `init_page_dir[pd_no(ptov(0))]` in hexadecimal format?
>>returned is $5 = (void *) 0xc0103000
>> 



## Kernel Monitor

>C1: Put the screenshot of your kernel monitor running example here. (It should show how your kernel shell respond to `whoami`, `exit`, and `other input`.)

#### 

>C2: Explain how you read and write to the console for the kernel monitor.
